hi y'all know Netflix be uploading more
than let me explain but unlike this one
thousand percent pure cartoonish
entertainment we give you I mean I guess
that they're also cartoony to I had done
a double feature with this one in
another movie called the domestics which
I thought was pretty good definitely
check out that trailer and let me know
if you want me to do an ella me on it
but this one was getting a lot of flack
from people because they were
complaining about that ending you know
even the main actress talked about how
she gave out a little kanye ad-lib when
she saw it so I have done Netflix to
give it a watch and I mean I kind of get
it let me explain
so this movie has Theo James who you may
remember as four from the divergent
series series that couldn't even make
their fourth installment because they
got so bad and he's in Chicago visiting
his soon-to-be in-laws we don't really
like him since he moved their daughter
all the way to Seattle and for any dude
who's ever been scared to meet their
girl's father ain't no way he's as bad
as for us here Forrest by default
already has that twitch there vo ain't
even got the time to let him know that
he knocked up their daughter cuz he got
kicked out faster than Logan Paul in
London and before he can even leave
Chicago fussing six nine a damn
earthquake happens on the East Coast
that's so bad it's felt too everywhere
now I'll be honest right I know the
movie gets tedious at times but I in
mind the fact that it turns into a
roadtrip movie deal and Forrest got a
bond together as they drive over to
Seattle to go save Jackie from The
Parent Trap and they meet the weirdest
people and that that's probably the
problem of the movie like the end of the
world just happened it just started and
people are already acting like it's
season 5 of The Walking Dead they pick
up this random girl named Ricky who's
like obnoxiously cautious no disrespect
but I about doing no road trip right now
with two shady dudes that appear out of
nowhere but then also randomly jumps
into filthy pools
[Music]
girl they try to kill you now if you've
seen any Forrest movies recently my
man's having trouble making it halfway
through and that's what in particular
sucks because by the time he goes like
they were already bonding together by
snitching on this man's wife she was
drunk
I mean drunk vo eventually finds his
wife who's been chilling with another
man but here's where the theories come
into play right because every time you
see a movie dealing with the apocalypse
you want to know what started it so
there's one there was actually like a
San Andreas Fault thing that happened
and that's why there's this disaster and
the rock wasn't around to save every one
or two as according to this random guy
right here everything is a simulation of
sorts like it was orchestrated on
purpose to cause chaos and half people
believe it was an accident when it
really wasn't kind of like the movie the
domestics before you could even ponder
on that any longer right and try to try
to wonder what's going on this dude
tells Theo to go out in the middle of
the woods so he can show him something
and it's like okay if y'all gonna tell
little kids to never approach a white
van then you adults should know better
than to go out into the forest without
forest watching your back obviously this
weirdo wants to shoot deal but vo Han
Solo's the dude first rushes back to his
wife packs their bags as they rush away
from the smoke monster of a being
approaching them when it it it just it
just ends how now look if you've ever
taken a film class they break down story
for you right and that every story needs
to have a beginning and a middle and an
end and technically this dude story does
rap since all he wanted to do was find
his wife and he does find her but also
technically you named your movie how it
ends so you gotta gotta show is that so
I get why people are upset when it comes
to that right because they want answers
especially when you're dealing with an
apocalypse people want to know why it
happened they can guess you know like
life even if you may not know everything
you may still enjoy the journey getting
there but when you don't explain
everything and you also don't like the
journey then of course they'll be upset
when all of a sudden it just
you
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll make sure the next
has an ending